Adding context on how to switch to previous tooling version (#21)
tmforum-rand/ig1353-api-developers-guide: part3.adoc

This link (https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/getting-started/quickstart) describes the basics of using Codespaces, including source control and extensions.

> *In order to switch the previous tooling version (i.e v8.6.6, v8.6.5.. so on)*

Reviewer: Give this section it's own heading. And also make it more clear that it can be ANY version of tooling, not just the previous one. Please add an example of a test branch name in too!

```suggestion
=== Change the tooling version used in CodeSpace

*In order to switch to an alternative tooling version (i.e v8.6.6, v8.6.5.. so on)*
```

Author: Modified the proposed suggestions

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Doesn't need to be a note. It's a howto in its own right. Remove the note wrapper.

Author: Removed note wrapper

====
To remove the existing oas-tooling container (for example, if it is running with `oas-tooling:latest`) and restart with a specific tooling version, follow these steps.

.Latest version of tooling: `v8.6.7`

1. Remove the existing container:
+
[source,bash]
----
docker rm -f oas-tooling
----

2. Start the tooling with the required version (replace `v8.6.6` with your desired version):
+
[source,bash]
----
docker run -d --restart=always -p 3000:3000 --name oas-tooling \
  -v /workspaces/OAS_Open_API_And_Data_Model/apis/:/home/node/apis \
  -v /workspaces/OAS_Open_API_And_Data_Model/schemas/:/home/node/schemas \
  ghcr.io/tmforum-rand/oas-tooling/oas-tooling:v8.6.6
----

> Alternatively, you can use the provided script:

Reviewer: This should be the first option, because it's the easiest for users! Then give the more advanced/detailed one as a second option.

Author: Modified

[source,bash]
----
./.devcontainer/library-scripts/start-oas-tooling.sh v8.6.6
----

> 3.Once the previous tooling version is running successfully, open the "Ports" tab, relaunch the web server/GUI, and perform your testing.

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing to say it's the previous version - people might want to run a test version or something else (and you don't mean the version that was running earlier on!). I changed the wording.
```suggestion
3.Once the desired tooling version is running successfully, open the "Ports" tab, relaunch the web server/GUI, and perform your testing.
```

Author: done
